Socialism is the people. If you're afraid of socialism, you're afraid of yourself.
All reactionaries are paper tigers. In appearance, the reactionaries are terrifying, but in reality they are not so powerful.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways; the point is to change it.
Capital is dead labour, that, vampire-like, only lives by sucking living labour, and lives the more, the more labour it sucks.
You show me a capitalist, I'll show you a bloodsucker.
What we're essentially going to do is throw a lot of banana peels around ... and the machine will stumble. When the machine stumbles it gets into a policy of overkill, and it starts to devour itself.
The executive of the modern state is but a committee for managing the common affairs of the whole bourgeoisie.
At the risk of seeming ridiculous, let me say that the true revolutionary is guided by a great feeling of love.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
It is pretty ironic that the so-called 'least advanced' people are the ones taking the lead in trying to protect all of us, while the richest and most powerful among us are the ones who are trying to drive the society to destruction.,
So long as the state exists there is no freedom. When there is freedom, there will be no state.
Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin.
I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils, namely through the establishment of a socialist economy, accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals.
There is no democracy without socialism, and no socialism without democracy.
[Reporter: 'How much is it worth to you? What's your price?'] To call off the revolution? ... My life.
If you tremble with indignation at every injustice, then you are a comrade of mine.
We must strive every day so that this love of living humanity is transformed into actual deeds, into acts that serve as examples, as a moving force.